FINDINGS:
 
There is asymmetry of the bilateral axillary lymph nodes, with 
several prominent appearing lymph nodes on the left.  There are at 
least two lymph nodes with eccentrically thickened cortices, the 
largest seen on series 2 image 28 measuring 2.6 x 1.4 cm.
 
A rounded 10-mm level II lymph node is seen behind pectoralis minor 
muscle on image 14 series 2.
 
A 6-mm left infraclavicular lymph node is seen on image 10 of series 
2.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue  with moderate scattered 
foci of  background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are numerous scattered foci of nonspecific gradual enhancement 
throughout the right breast, favoring physiologic hormonal 
enhancement.
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
L1: In the upper outer quadrant of the left breast, 3.5 cm in the 
nipple, there is a 4.6 (AP) by 4.1 (CC) by 3.5 (TRANS) cm irregular 
heterogeneously enhancing mass (washin with slow washout kinetics) 
corresponding to the index malignancy.  It measures 9 mm from the 
lateral skin, 18 mm from the superior skin margin, and 13 mm from the 
pectoralis major muscle.  There is no pectoralis major muscle 
enhancement to suggest muscle invasion.
 
L2: Directly contiguous to the index malignancy (L1) is approximately 
2 cm of linear and clumped enhancement (intermediate rise with 
plateau kinetics) which extends up to 1.6 cm from the nipple.
 
L3: Numerous other foci of enhancement are seen surrounding the index 
malignancy.  Given the scattered foci of enhancement in the 
contralateral breast, these may represent physiologic enhancement, 
although satellite lesions cannot be excluded.  The largest measures 
9 mm in size and is seen 3.4 cm from the nipple, approximately 9 mm 
caudal to the index lesion (L1) as seen on series 7 image 129 the 
slice locator L97.1. It has gradual enhancement but is suspicious 
given its size.
 
L4. At the 3 o'clock position, approximately 6 mm from the nipple, 
there is a 5 mm rim enhancing nodule versus intramammary lymph node 
which demonstrates intrinsic T2 hyperintensity, but is too small to 
characterize otherwise (series 7 image 143, L125.1 and correlating to 
image 18 of series 701 the axial reformats).  L4 measures 1 cm 
lateral to the index malignancy L1. It demonstrates rapid washin with 
washout.
 
