FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal interval decrease in eccentric thickening of the left 
axillary lymph nodes, as described in the previous report.  No 
pathologic lymph nodes are seen..
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with moderate scattered foci 
of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
Interval dramatic decrease in size of "L1" mass, with mild residual 
clumped enhancement, measuring 2.3-cm (AP) by 1.2 cm (CC), please see 
series 7 images 124--125.  Interval dramatic decrease in size of 
linear enhancing area "L2", with minimal residual, please see series 
7 image 122.  Previously described "L3" lesion and is again noted, 
showing decreased enhancement and size compared to prior, please see 
series 7 image 122.  Finally, there is redemonstration of the "L4" 
lesion, which is seen on the 3 o'clock position of the lateral left 
breast.  This lesion demonstrates intrinsic T2 hyperintensity, and 
morphology consistent with a intramammary lymph node, and is 
unchanged compared to prior.
 
Interval development of a new enhancing lesion within the medial left 
breast, please see series 700 images 57 -- 58 and series 7 image 113.  
This lesion measures 6 cm in size, and although it demonstrates 
gradual enhancement connects, the interval development, enhancement, 
and morphology are suggestive of satellite lesion.  This finding has 
no T2 correlate.
 
Addendum Begins
Please note that there is an error in the findings and impression 
section of the left breast regarding a lesion in the medial breast 
(series 700 images 57 -- 58 and series 7 image 113), denoted as L5. 
This finding does not measure 6 cm, but instead measures 6 mm. 
However, in point of clarification, the patient's residual disease 
covers roughly a 5 cm distance from the nipple to the mid-posterior 
third of her breast. 
Addendum Ends
