FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal a few mildly prominent lymph nodes in both axillae; 
some do not have distinct fatty hila. Ultrasound is recommended for 
further evaluation.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with moderate scattered foci 
of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
R1: 10x 13 mm mass with slightly irregular margins and slightly rapid 
wash-in and plateau enhancement in the upper outer quadrant of the 
right breast, 10 o'clock position, 5.2cm from the nipple (series 23, 
image 3205, slice locator S39.8). This mass corresponds to the 
palpable index cancer, core biopsy pathology showing invasive ductal 
carcinoma. The mass is 5mm from the lateral skin surface and is 
immediately anterior to the pectoralis muscle. The prepectoral 
fascial plane appears intact and there is no abnormal enhancement of 
the pectoralis muscle to suggest muscular invasion. There is a 3.0 x 
1.5cm area of non-mass enhancement surrounding this index cancer in 
the right upper outer quadrant, extending more prominent anteriorly, 
compatible with adjacent DCIS, as on the core biopsy pathology report 
. 
 
There are a few scattered non-specific low gradually enhancing foci 
in the right breast.  The more prominent one is 4 mm in size in the 
outer right breast 9 o'clock position 4.5cm from the nipple, seen on 
series 23 image 3185 slice locator S15.8, which is adjacent to the 
chest wall and 2.5cm inferior to the index cancer, 
Elsewhere in the right breast, there are no areas of suspicious mass 
or non-mass enhancement.
 
LEFT BREAST:
There is a 2.2 x 1 cm area of closely grouped and probably lined-up 
slow gradually enhancing foci in left upper outer quadrant at 2 
o'clock position 3.6 cm from the nipple. Of note, some of these foci 
in this area possibly are confluening into an 8 mm mass (best seen on 
series 23, image 3205, slice locator S39.8). Despite the benign 
enhancement kinetics in this 2.2 cm area, its morphology is 
suspicious, at least for DCIS and will be called L1.   
Elsewhere. there are at least 10 scattered less than 5mm foci of low 
gradual enhancement throughout the left breast.  Many are 
nonspecific. Among them, the most prominent is an 8mm area in the 
anterior left breast at 9 o'clock position 1.8cm from the nipple 
(series 23, image 3197, slice locator S30.2). 
 
 
