FINDINGS:
The breasts are composed of heterogeneous fibroglandular tissue with mild background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST: 
R1: At 9 o'clock, extending from anterior to posterior depth, centered 5 cm from the nipple, there is clumped non-mass enhancement in a segmental distribution, measuring 5.0 x 2.7 x 2.2 cm. (AP, transverse, cc). Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase  fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on axial peak contrast series 23,  image 1987. The R2 nonmass enhancement abuts the skin, with associated thickening and enhancement lateral to the nipple (series 23, image 1987). Additionally, the nonmass enhancement abuts the pectoralis muscle focally without intervening fat plane, best appreciated on the sagittal post-contrast sequence. No discrete pectoralis enhancement. Susceptibility artifact in the center of the nonmass enhancement may correspond to a biopsy marker reflecting biopsy of the R1 mammographic/ultrasound finding, although no intraprocedural imaging or postprocedure mammogram is available to confirm (series 23, image 1988).
R2:  At 4 o'clock, anterior depth, centered 3 cm from the nipple, there is clumped non-mass enhancement in a linear distribution, measuring 2.0 x 0.3 x 1.0 cm (AP, transverse, cc). Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase  fast and delayed phase persistent. The enhancement is best seen on axial peak contrast series 23,  image 1992.
In the right axilla, there is an enhancing abnormal enlarged lymph node or conglomerate of lymph nodes that measures up to 2.9 cm, with susceptibility artifact centrally that may reflect marker placement from the reported biopsy, although this cannot be reliably determined without the corresponding outside films from the biopsy and any post-procedure mammogram/ultrasound. Additionally, edema surrounding the abnormal lymph nodes nonspecific in the setting of recent biopsy.
LEFT BREAST: There is no suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
OTHER FINDINGS: There is a 1.3 cm T2 hyperintense lesion in the superior pole of the left kidney, only seen on the localizer view (series 1, image 20).
