FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal a MediPort in the left chest wall.  Susceptibility 
artifact from orthopedic hardware is noted within the right humeral 
head.  Patchy areas of low T1 signal intensity are seen in the left 
humeral head, which likely represent reactive marrow changes.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular density with 
minimal background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
A focal area of susceptibility artifact is seen in the upper outer 
quadrant of the right breast at the site of the prior biopsy, 
compatible with a metal marker, and is best seen on series 7 image 
125 SL R123.3.  There is significantly decreased size of the 
previously demonstrated mass in this region, though there is still an 
interrupted ring of residual enhancement extending over approximately 
18 mm in transverse dimension, from SL R110.9 to SL R128.4.  
Additionally, this area enhancement extends over a maximum of 18 mm 
in diameter in the sagittal plane (series 7 image 25 SL R123.4).  
Additionally, the enhancement kinetics in the residual area of 
enhancement appear less aggressive than on prior studies, with 
gradual enhancement followed by either plateau or progressive 
enhancement.  
 
A single, abnormal appearing lymph node is identified deep in the 
right breast near the chest wall or in the inferior aspect of the 
right axilla, which has an oval shape and does not have a definite 
fatty hilum, measuring 8 x 4 mm in size (series 4, image 19, SL 
R106.2).  This node was likely present on the prior MRI from 
5/3/2010, and measured 6 x 4 mm at that time.  No definite correlate 
is identified for the 2.7-cm long axis lymph node seen on the recent 
breast ultrasound.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
A small focus of susceptibility artifact is seen in the retroareolar 
region of the left breast, compatible with a metal marker from a 
prior benign biopsy site.  No focal masses or suspicious areas of 
enhancement are seen in the left breast.
 
