FINDINGS: 
Overview: Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images 
of the breast reveal two of the lymph nodes in the left axilla 
without definite fatty hila. The more superior one is rounded, seen 
on series 2 image 21 SL S51.2 and measures 8 x 6 x 8 mm. The more 
inferior one is somewhat irregular in shape, seen on series 2 image 
24 SL S36.2 and measures 8 x 6 x 6 mm. Please note that larger lymph 
nodes are present, but they demonstrate normal appearances with fatty 
hila.
Breast composition: Heterogeneously dense fibroglandular breast 
tissue.
Background enhancement: moderate scattered background enhancement.
 
Right Breast:
 
There are scattered small foci of gradual enhancement that are 
nonspecific. A subcentimeter T2 hyperintense oval lesion with rim 
enhancement consistent with an inflamed cyst is identified. No areas 
of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest invasive 
malignancy
 
Left Breast:
 
In the region of previously identified mammographic abnormality at 
the 7 o'clock position, there is a mass with irregular shape and 
margins demonstrating rim and internal heterogeneous enhancement with 
rapid wash in and washout enhancement kinetics. The most significant 
enhancement of this lesion is at its anterior, superior, and medial 
aspects.
It measures 3.8 x 3.5 x 3.5 cm (anteroposterior by craniocaudal by 
transverse). In the posterior portion of the mass, there is a small 
focus of T1 signal void which may represent a post-biopsy tissue 
marker. Recommend correlation with postbiopsy mammograms from outside 
institution. 
In addition,  anterior to this mass, there are at least 3 additional 
discrete small nodular foci with rapid wash-in and plateau 
enhancement kinetics marching towards the nipple amid  some faint 
clumped enhancement in a segmental distrbution, very concerning for 
satellite lesions and DCIS.  The most anterior of these three foci is 
1.2 cm posterior to the nipple.   In total, the mass and the probable 
satellite lesions and the faint clumped enhancement encompass an area 
of 7.6 cm radiating from the nipple in the lower inner quadrant.
 
There are scattered foci of gradual enhancement that are nonspecific. 
A subcentimeter T2 hyperintense oval lesion with rim enhancement 
consistent with an inflamed cyst is identified. 
 
