FINDINGS:
 
Axial T1-weighted images demonstrate axillary lymphadenopathy with at 
least two enlarged axillary lymph nodes. One is a seen on series 1, 
slice locator S101 (L2) and the other is noted on slice locator S143 
(L3).
 
The breasts are composed of heterogeneously dense tissue with 
moderate scattered foci of background enhancement. Both breasts 
demonstrate numerous enhancing foci, while many demonstrate gradual 
enhancement, others demonstrate a more intermediate or rapid 
enhancement which limits the sensitivity for evaluation of these 
findings given the diffuse nature.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are numerous enhancing foci, many of which demonstrate gradual 
enhancement, though others demonstrate a more intermediate or rapid 
enhancement which limits the sensitivity for evaluation of these 
findings given the diffuse nature. For example, on series 11 there is 
a 5-mm enhancing focus within the upper outer quadrant of the breast, 
3 cm from the nipple on slice locator S43.4 (R1). A second 5-mm 
enhancing focus is seen in the retroareolar region, 3.5 cm from the 
nipple on slice locator S28.5 (R2). A third at 5-mm enhancing focus 
is seen at approximately the 9 o'clock position, 7 cm from the nipple 
on slice locator S36.5 (R3).
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
There is a peripherally enhancing mass in the subareolar region 
measuring 3.6 x 3.7 cm in axial dimension and 5.6 cm in craniocaudal 
dimension, compatible with the known biopsy-proven malignancy. 
Additionally, there are adjacent areas of abnormal linear and 
punctate rapid enhancement which extend posteriorly towards the 
pectoralis with an appearance suggestive of additional areas of 
neoplastic involvement/extension. Note is made of several abnormal 
feeding vessels, most notably along the medial aspect of the left 
breast. Skin thickening is also noted along the medial aspect of the 
breast.
 
There are multiple fluid-filled ducts which are bright on both 
pre-and post contrast images, suggesting proteinaceous debris within 
these ducts.
 
