FINDINGS: 
 
OUTSIDE MAMMOGRAM: The outside mammogram shows that the breast tissue 
is composed of scattered fibroglandular densities.  There is a 
spiculated irregular mass in the right central breast, posterior 
depth, representing the patient's biopsy-proven invasive malignancy, 
present on the screening mammogram dated 9/14/10, diagnostic 
mammogram dated 9/28/10, and postbiopsy mammograms dated 9/30/10. The 
postbiopsy marker is 12.8 mm anterior to the mass on the 9/30/10 
mammograms.  No associated calcifications identified.  Elsewhere, 
there are no mammographic features to suggest malignancy.
 
OUTSIDE ULTRASOUND: The outside ultrasound images labeled "right 
breast, 11 o'clock, 4 cm from nipple" demonstrate a 1.2 x 1.2 x 0.8 
cm oval hypoechoic taller than wide mass with an echogenic halo 
consistent with the patient's biopsy-proven invasive malignancy.
 
OUTSIDE BREAST MRI:   No enlarged axillary lymph nodes identified on 
the provided sequences.  The breasts are composed of scattered 
fibroglandular breast tissue with minimal background enhancement.
 
Right Breast:  There is an irregular spiculated mass with 
heterogeneous enhancement measuring 1.4 x 1.2 cm in the right central 
breast, 9 cm from the nipple, posterior depth, best seen on series 9, 
image 93, slice locator 0.3084. The mass, representing the patient's 
known biopsy-proven malignancy, contacts the pectoralis muscle over a 
7-mm area and is associated with focal pectoral fascia enhancement, 
but no definite pectoralis muscle enhancement is identified.  
Approximately 1.2 cm anterior to the index lesion is a signal void 
consistent with a postbiopsy marker.  2.5 cm superior lateral to this 
index lesion, in the right upper outer quadrant, is a 7 x 4 mm T2 
hyperintense, enhancing mass, which demonstrates a notched 
appearance, suggestive of an intramammary lymph node (series 9, image 
107, slice locator 11.5). It is located 1.8 cm from the skin, 1.2 cm 
from the pectoralis muscle, and 10.3 cm from the nipple. While it may 
represent a lymph node, due to proximity to the index lesion, a 
satellite lesion is also a consideration.   
Left Breast:  There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass 
enhancement to suggest invasive malignancy.
 
