FINDINGS:
 
Again seen is an approximately 11 mm lymph node on series 1, image 29 
on the left, stable given differences in patient positioning.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with 
moderate stippled background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy. There are numerous stable gradually 
enhancing nonspecific foci throughout the breast, the largest 
measuring 4 mm in the inner retroareolar region on series 8 image 
2970, SL I23.7. 
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
Redemonstrated is a irregular mass with rapid washin and washout, in 
the upper outer quadrant, approximately 7 cm from the nipple. The 
bulk of the mass currently measures 2.8 (AP) x 2.2 (CC) x 1.8 (Trans) 
cm (previously 3.5 x 1.9 x 2.2 cm). Several foci of rapid enhancement 
extend anteriorly from the bulk mass. The anterior-most rapidly 
enhancing lesion suspicious for a satellite (series 8 image 2948, SL 
S4.9) is seen  measuring 7 mm (stable) and is located roughly 8 mm 
anteroinferior to the main mass. Several rapidly enhancing likely 
satellite lesions also extend posteriorly from the mass and abut the 
pectoralis muscle. There is no definitive abnormal enhancement of the 
pectoralis muscle. The posteriormost lesion suspicious for a 
satellite measuring 4 mm (stable) is seen on series 8, image 2944, SL 
S10.1, and is somewhat lateral extending into the axillary tail.  
From anteriormost satellite to posteriormost satellite, the dimension 
is roughly 4.2 cm anteroposterior (previously 4.6 cm) as drawn with a 
straight line on the axial projection MIP (series 850 image 1). 
 
It should be noted that several foci of gradual enhancement are noted 
throughout the breast, particularly retroareolar, although these 
areas appear symmetric with the other side. Contrast kinetic curve 
interrogation of lesions of this size is difficult due to patient 
motion considerations and limitations of ROI interrogation.
 
 
