FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal an enlarged lymph node in the left axilla, which 
measures 2.0 x 1.4 x 1.0 cm. The architecture of this lymph node is 
slightly distorted which is likely related to fine needle aspiration 
which was performed earlier today. Other nonenlarged, subcentimeter 
lymph nodes are seen in the left axilla. No pathologically enlarged 
lymph nodes are seen in the right axilla, bilateral supraclavicular 
region, or bilateral internal mammary chains. Otherwise, extramammary 
regional structures are unremarkable.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with mild 
scattered foci of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
Numerous subcentimeter T2 hyperintense, nonenhancing lesions are seen 
in the right breast. Some of these are not well-visualized on 
T1-weighted sequences, which may be due to their small size. These 
likely represent simple cysts. There are approximately 20-25 such 
cysts in the right breast. The largest is a 9 x 8 mm T1 hypointense, 
T2 hyperintense, nonenhancing lesion at 9 o'clock, 8 cm the nipple 
(series 4, image 54; slice R90.5). This likely corresponds to the 1 
cm mass seen on outside mammogram on 9/2/2011 in the right upper 
outer quadrant, 8 cm from the nipple.  There are a few scattered 
nonspecific, gradually enhancing foci in the right breast.  There are 
no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest 
invasive malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
L1: There is a 5.3-cm (anteroposterior) x 2.3-cm (craniocaudal) x 
2.4-cm (transverse) irregular area of mass and clumped non-mass 
enhancement at 10-12 o'clock (L41.8- 68.4). There are at least 3 
closely adjacent satellite masses within 1 cm of each other (series 
700, images 39, 42 comment 43). A focus of susceptibility artifact is 
seen in the center of the most confluent area of enhancement and 
represents a postbiopsy marker. The most anterior extent of the 
enhancement is 3 cm from the nipple, the anterior/superior aspect of 
enhancement is 6 mm from the medial skin, and the most posterior 
extent of enhancement is 2.8 cm from the pectoralis muscle. 
Enhancement curves demonstrate rapid enhancement with washout, in 
keeping with biopsy-proven malignancy.
 
L2: There is a 6-mm ovoid enhancing mass at 9 o'clock, posterior 
depth, 6.7 cm from the nipple. It is 1 cm posterior and 1 cm inferior 
to L1. It is 1 cm from the medial skin and 1.4 cm from the pectoralis 
muscle. Enhancement curves demonstrate gradual enhancement; however, 
this finding remains suspicious for a satellite lesion given its 
proximity to the index malignancy and should be included at the time 
of wire localization if breast conservation is pursued.
 
