FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal a dominant lesion in the upper outer quadrant of the 
left breast with multiple additional satellite lesions. There is a 
single prominent left axillary lymph node that has an eccentrically 
placed, small, fatty hilum and a thick cortex. The appearance of this 
lymph node is similar to the ultrasound dated December 5, 2011. The 
metallic marker placed within this lymph node at the time of 
fine-needle aspiration is not well identified on this MRI.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with 
minimal background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
There are multiple, nonspecific, gradually enhancing foci scattered 
throughout the breast parenchyma .There are no areas of suspicious 
mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest invasive malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
The large palpable index lesion is located in the upper outer 
quadrant, spanning the 12 o'clock to two o'clock positions, with the 
center of the mass located 7.5 cm from the nipple (series 7, image 
37, slice locator L85.25). The index mass measures 3.2 x 3.8 x 3.0 cm 
in the transverse, craniocaudal, and anteroposterior dimensions, 
respectively, and will be referred to as lesion L1. A signal 
intensity void within the center of the mass correlates with the 
metallic marker placed at the time of ultrasound guided biopsy. The 
mass is very superficial, with distortion and thickening of the 
overlying skin worrisome for dermal invasion.
 
Lateral to the index lesion there are two satellite nodules that 
likely correspond to the L2 and L3 lesions described on the previous 
mammogram and ultrasound studies dated December 5, 2011. The more 
inferior of these lesions will be termed L2, and measures 1.3 x 1.7 
cm and is 6.1 cm from the base of the nipple (series 7, image 29, 
slice locator L102); the more superior of these lesions, termed L3, 
is 1.5 x 1.2 cm and 7.7 cm from the base of the nipple (series 7, 
image 30, slice locator L99). Both of these lesions are contiguous 
with the index lesion.
 
A 9-mm lesion inferior to the index lesion, 7 cm from the nipple, may 
correspond to one of the smaller lesions identified on the December 
5, 2011 ultrasound, and will be termed L4 (series 7, image 37, slice 
locator L85). The superior margin of this lesion also is ill-defined, 
and is in continuity with the index lesion. A second, subcentimeter 
lesion located 1.7 cm inferior to and separate from the inferior 
margin of the index lesion, termed L5, is also suspicious in 
appearance. It measures 5 mm in diameter, and is located 5.7 cm from 
the base of the nipple (series 7, image 36, slice locator L87). 
 
Along the anteroinferior margin of L1, there is a 3.5-cm long region 
of clumped enhancement in a linear distribution of with rapid wash in 
and washout of contrast that extends towards the nipple, with the 
anterior margin of this region being 1.5-cm from the base of the 
nipple. The posterior margin of this clumped enhancement is 
contiguous with the index lesion L1. Its inferoposterior half may 
also be partially contiguous with the L5 lesion.  The morphology and 
enhancement kinetics are suspicious for malignancy.
 
The overall area of involvement, mentioned above, is confined to the 
upper outer quadrant, and measures 6.5 x 4.7 x 5.0 cm in 
antero-posterior, craniocaudal, and transverse dimensions, 
respectively. The most inferior margin of the involved region is at 
the level of the nipple.
 
Note is made of nonenhancing T1 bright material within the central 
ducts, which most likely represents inspissated material.
 
 
