FINDINGS:
The breasts are composed of heterogeneous fibroglandular tissue with mild background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST:
There are findings suggestive of an extensive cancer in the right breast involving the upper and lower inner quadrants. There are multiple irregular masses with spiculated margins and clumped nonmass enhancement spanning approximately 7.0 x 4.8 x 7.5 cm from the nipple to the chest wall. 
 There is cancerous involvement of the nipple as shown by nipple enhancement in direct continuity with a retroareolar malignant mass, with associated nipple retraction and diffuse skin thickening of the right breast, resulting in breast deformity and pointing of the nipple inwardly. The extensive abnormal suspicious enhancement encompasses the biopsy-proven malignant R1 mass at 2:00, 2 cm from the nipple which measures 3.9 cm. There is susceptibility artifact located within the R1 mass corresponding to a biopsy marker clip.  The abnormal enhancement also encompasses the highly suspicious R2 mass located at 1:30, 5 cm from the nipple measuring 1.5 cm. Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase  fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on axial peak contrast series 23,  image 1974.
The associated nonmass enhancement extends to the chest wall. There are 4 less than 1 cm round masses that enhance directly on top of and within the the right pectoralis muscle compatible with cancer invasion. On the sagittal image series 2353 image 65 there is enhancement in the chest wall intercostal muscles measuring 1.3 cm in size, compatible with right chest wall malignancy.
Biopsy-proven metastatic involvement of a level one right axillary lymph node which contains a biopsy marker clip that is best seen on series 23 image 1909, measuring 1.6 cm in size. There are multiple smaller lymph nodes in the right axilla that are not suspicious.
There is no definitive MRI correlate for the benign appearing 10:00 position 1.8 cm R3 mass previously seen on mammogram and ultrasound , located 3 cm from the nipple.
LEFT BREAST:
There are findings suggestive of an extensive cancer in the left breast centrally located 2 to 8 cm from the nipple. In this location there are multiple heterogeneous irregular masses measuring up to 2.5 cm in size, with irregular margins and linear nonmass enhancement spanning approximately 5.5 x 4.1 x 3.8 cm. Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase  fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on axial peak contrast series 23,  image 1976. This area encompasses the biopsy-proven malignant L1 mass at 2:00, 6 cm from the nipple measuring 3.2 cm as well as the highly suspicious L2 mass located at 3:00, 3 cm from the nipple. This area is of greater extent than the previously visualized calcifications seen on mammogram. There is susceptibility artifact located within the L1 mass corresponding to a biopsy marker clip.
 There is no other suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
OTHER FINDINGS: None significant.
