FINDINGS:
The breasts are composed of heterogeneous fibroglandular tissue with mild background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST AND REGIONAL LYMPH NODES: 
R1: Significant interval decrease in previously-seen 4.5 cm (AP) x 1.9 cm (RL) x 1.2 cm (SI) cm segmental heterogeneous non mass enhancement at 9:00, middle depth, 3-6 cm from the nipple, with some residual heterogeneous non mass enhancement now present in this area, mainly in the posterior region, 6 cm from the nipple, currently measuring 1.3 cm (AP) x 1.1 cm (RL) x 1.3 cm (SI). This finding is best seen on series 32200, images 88-90. In the anterior aspect of R1 there is a signal void compatible with a metallic marker (twirl-shaped on mammogram) previously biopsied in the right breast at 9:00, 3 cm from the nipple, with previous biopsy of this area demonstrating focal atypical ductal hyperplasia, papillary and micropapillary proliferation for which excisional biopsy is recommended.  In the posterior aspect of the non mass enhancement there is signal void from a metallic marker (x-shaped on mammogram) which previously demonstrated papillary change and atypia on prior ultrasound 
biopsy. The non mass enhancement, including clustered ring residual non-mass enhancement, extends 1 cm posterior to the X shaped marker signal void, best seen on series 23 image 1961.
There is no other suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
LEFT BREAST AND REGIONAL LYMPH NODES: L1: At 2:00, middle to posterior depth, 5 cm from the nipple, there has been interval reduction in size of an irregular enhancing mass with irregular margins and heterogeneous internal enhancement, currently measuring 1.5 x 1.1 x 1.4 cm (axial series 23, image 1959 and sagittal series 2352, image 145), previously 3.9 x 3.6 x 3.1 cm. A biopsy marker (top-hat shaped by mammogram) is present in the anterior aspect of the enhancing mass. 
Interval decrease in size of 3 previously seen level 1 axillary lymph nodes, one of which demonstrates a biopsy marker (twirl-shaped based on mammogram), with prior biopsy demonstrating normal lymph node tissue without evidence of carcinoma. 
There is no other suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
OTHER FINDINGS: None significant.
