FINDINGS:
The breasts are composed of extreme fibroglandular tissue with marked background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST: There is no suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
No correlate to the reported calcifications seen by mammography.
LEFT BREAST: 
L1: At 12 o'clock, middle to posterior depth, 4 cm from the nipple, there is an oval mass with irregular margins, and heterogeneous internal enhancement, measuring 3.0 x 3.0 x 3.7 cm (transverse, AP, CC). Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on axial peak contrast series 23,  image 1941. There are internal non-enhancing areas which may represent necrosis or post biopsy changes. No metallic marker is seen on the same day PET/CT. This corresponds to the ultrasound L1 mass documented at 12:00, 4 cm from the nipple.
Located 1.1 cm inferior to the L1 mass in the central left breast, there is a 1.2 cm irregular mass with irregular margins and heterogeneous internal enhancement that a similar character to the larger L1 mass, consistent with an additional area of malignant involvement. It is unclear if this finding corresponds to the  L2 ultrasound finding noted at 3:00, 1 cm from the nipple, and for now will be referred to as L3.
There are multiple abnormal left axillary lymph nodes, the largest of which measures up to 2.5 cm in length with heterogeneous enhancement, consistent with malignancy involvement (series 2, image 38). There is also internal mammary lymphadenopathy at multiple sites in the left internal mammary chain, the largest node measuring 1.1 x 1.0 cm (series 3, image 47, 74, and 96).
OTHER FINDINGS: A calcified nodule in the anterior aspect of the right lung is better characterized on PET/CT (series 23, image 1942). Likewise, prominent hilar lymph nodes are better characterized on that study. Lymphadenopathy at the left thoracic inlet and nodularity associated with the left chest wall is much better characterized on FDG PET/CT.
There is no obvious correlate to the PET/CT findings of hypermetabolic foci within the left anterior chest wall inferior to the breast tissue and within the left pectoralis muscle concerning for malignant involvement.
 