FINDINGS:
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with mild background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST: There is no suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
LEFT BREAST: 
L1 (dominant mass and associated nonmass enhancement): There is abnormal enhancement that affects all 4 quadrants of the breast, most conspicuous in the form of an irregularly-shaped mass at 12:00 4 cm from the nipple with irregular margins that measures 2.3 x 3.8 x 2.8 cm, with a postbiopsy marker noted internally, corresponding to the ultrasound-guided biopsy proven malignant mass. Of note, ill-defined nonmass enhancement extends from this mass to involve the nipple and areolar complex and periareolar skin, with apparent nipple retraction and extensive enhancement underlying the nipple and associated with the periareolar skin. Abnormal nonmass enhancement also extends into the remaining 3 quadrants of the breast. In totality, although patchy in areas, the abnormal enhancement covers an area of 5.3 cm (transverse) by 8.5 cm (AP) by 7.0 cm (CC). This is significantly larger than the mammographic or ultrasound findings. The left breast skin is diffusely thickened and edematous, with 
edema extending into the left breast parenchyma. 
L2/L3: In addition to this near contiguous spread of nonmass enhancement from the dominant mass, there is a 0.4 cm focus (L3) with suspicious kinetics in the central breast at posterior depth (series 23, image 1965) and a 0.7 cm oval mass (L2) with suspicious kinetics but circumscribed margins in the upper-outer left breast at posterior depth (series 23, image 1949).
In the left axilla, there are two level 1 lymph nodes with cortical thickening, the more inferior of which is more abnormal, with cortex eccentrically thickened up to 0.6 cm (series 2, image 57 and series 2, image 34). No other abnormal lymph nodes identified.
There is no additional suspicious enhancement.
OTHER FINDINGS: There is a 1.7 cm segment 2/3 T2 hyperintense liver lesion, which is nonspecific, but statistically likely to represent a benign cyst or hemangioma.
