FINDINGS: There is a signal void on the right nipple from a metallic right nipple bar, limiting evaluation of the right nipple and retroareolar region. There is marked left breast edema and skin thickening, breast edema extending to the chest wall.
The breasts are composed of heterogeneous fibroglandular tissue with minimal background parenchymal enhancement that is symmetric between both breasts.
RIGHT BREAST: There is no suspicious enhancement or lymphadenopathy.
LEFT BREAST: 
L1 At 2 o'clock, middle depth, 8 cm from the nipple, there is an irregular mass with irregular margins, and heterogeneous internal enhancement, measuring 4.1 cm AP x 3 cm RL x  3.4 cm SI. Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on series 24,  image 1960. Core biopsy showed invasive ductal cancer, there is a buckle marker in the mass between L1 and L2, described below, there is streaky nonmass enhancement, worrisome for noninvasive disease.
L2 At 2 o'clock, anterior depth, 2-3 cm from the nipple, there is an irregular mass with circumscribed margins, and heterogeneous internal enhancement, measuring 1.1 cm AP x 2 cm RL x  3 cm SI. Worst-curve kinetics are initial phase fast and delayed phase wash-out. The enhancement is best seen on series 24,  image 1954. There is a cork shaped marker in the anterior portion of the mass. We note there is suspicious clumped nonmass enhancement extending from the known cancer to the nipple, worrisome for DCIS, with abnormal enhancement of the posterior aspect of the nipple and the skin just medial to the nipple, worrisome for nipple involvement.
L3: At approximately the retroareolar region left breast, middle depth, 6.8 cm from the nipple and immediately inferior and medial to the R1 known cancer, there are 2 round suspicious masses with circumscribed margins and homogeneous internal and enhancement each measuring 0.8 cm in size. Worse curve kinetics are initial fast and late washout. These are best seen on series 24 image 1948. These masses have not been biopsied.
Lax: The left axilla there is a 2.6 cm oval homogeneous abnormal lymph node containing a round marker, previously biopsied and shown to be metastatic breast cancer. This lymph node is best seen on series 24 image 1982. There are at least 3 other smaller lymph nodes that also appear abnormal.
OTHER FINDINGS: None significant.
